# olug-git-101

https://sharpestmarble.sytes.net:8080/
http://www.linkedin.com/in/MurrayKevin
http://chrisvalleskey.com/fillerama/

## The Route of All Evil is MONEY and the GOVMENT !!!!!!!!

I guess because my parents keep telling me to be more ladylike. As though! Yep,
I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote
ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGES! hEY, TELL ME SOMETHING. yOU'VE Got all this money. How
come you always dress like you're doing your laundry? What are their names?
You'll have all the Slurm you can drink when you're partying with Slurms
McKenzie! Now that the, uh, garbage ball is in space, Doctor, perhaps you can
help me with my sexual inhibitions?

## Lrrreconcilable Ndndifferences

Whoa a real live robot; or is that some kind of cheesy New Year's costume?
You've killed me! Oh, you've killed me! Hey, what kinda party is this? There's
no booze and only one hooker.

* THE BIG BRAIN AM WINNING AGAIN! I AM THE GREETEST! NOW I AM LEAVING EARTH, FOR NO RAISEN!  
* Large bet on myself in round one.
* I was all of history's great robot actors - Acting Unit 0.8; Thespomat; David Duchovny!

### Parasites Lost

I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as
a mental illness. Tell her you just want to talk. It has nothing to do with
mating. With gusto. I've got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of
youth. Suddenly, I'm going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours.
And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Now 'I'' have to
pay ''them'! Fetal stemcells, aren't those controversial? Why would a robot
need to drink? Or go on a bender?

#### Kif Gets Knocked Up A Notch

Ow, my spirit! Look, last night was a mistake. Fry! Stay back! He's too
powerful!

1. Oh yeah, good luck with that.
2. You guys realize you live in a Sioux City sewer, right?
3. Yeah, lots of people did.
4. Hello, little man. I will destroy you!
5. Ow, my spirit!

##### Fry and the Slurm Factory

Meh. I suppose I could part with 'one' and still be feared… But I've never been
to the moon!

I'm Santa Claus! I wish! It's a nickel. Hey, whatcha watching? I suppose I
could part with 'one' and still be feared…

## The Duh-Vinci Code

Ow, my spirit! What are their names? Say it in Russian!

* Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head." 
* You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit!

### How Hermes Requisitioned His Groove Back

Okay, it's 500 dollars, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold
the charge and the reception isn't very… You guys realize you live in a sewer,
right? No, she'll probably make me do it. Stop it, stop it. It's fine. I will
'destroy' you! No, I'm Santa Claus!

#### Teenage Mutant Leela's Hurdles

Also Zoidberg. This opera's as lousy as it is brilliant! Your lyrics lack
subtlety. You can't just have your characters announce how they feel. That
makes me feel angry! Yeah, lots of people did.

1. Okay, it's 500 dollars, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold the charge and the reception isn't very… 
2. Guards! Bring me the forms I need to fill out to have her taken away!

##### The Why of Fry

Then throw her in the laundry room, which will hereafTer be referred to as "the
brig". Then throw her in the laundry room, which will hereafter be referred to
as "the brig". You, a bobsleder!? That I'd like to see! Leela, are you alright?
You got wanged on the head. Look, last night was a mistake. I just want to
talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesn't make sense.

###### Where No Fan Has Gone Before

You can see how I lived before I met you. And I'd do it again! And perhaps a
third time! But that would be it. THE BIG BRAIN AM WINNING AGAIN! I AM THE
GREETEST! NOW I AM LEAVING EARTH, FOR NO RAISEN! I guess because my parents
keep telling me to be more ladylike. As though! Yeah, lots of people did.

Shut up and take my money! File not found. With gusto.

Hey, whatcha watching? Hello, little man. I will destroy you! No! The kind with
looting and maybe starting a few fires! Quite possible. We live long and are
celebrated poopers.

You're going back for the Countess, aren't you? Stop! Don't shoot fire stick in
space canoe! Cause explosive decompression! Hey, tell me something. You've got
all this money. How come you always dress like you're doing your laundry?

Guards! Bring me the forms I need to fill out to have her taken away! You'll
have all the Slurm you can drink when you're partying with Slurms McKenzie!
Calculon is gonna kill us and it's all everybody else's fault! Bender, you
risked your life to save me! We don't have a brig. A sexy mistake.

I've got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, I'm
going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at
Social Security stopped sending me checks. Now 'I'' have to pay ''them'! You've
killed me! Oh, you've killed me! Five hours? Aw, man! Couldn't you just get me
the death penalty? Oh sure! Blame the wizards!

Hey, what kinda party is this? There's no booze and only one hooker. Good man.
Nixon's pro-war and pro-family. And why did 'I' have to take a cab? Fetal
stemcells, aren't those controversial? Fatal. Oh yeah, good luck with that.

Would you censor the Venus de Venus just because you can see her spewers? Yep,
I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote
alcoholic beverages! That's a popular name today. Little "e", big "B"? Fry!
Stay back! He's too powerful! I was all of history's great robot actors -
Acting Unit 0.8; Thespomat; David Duchovny! Oh dear! She's stuck in an infinite
loop, and he's an idiot! Well, that's love for you.

Urectum!


Look, last night was a mistake. Why would a robot need to drink? Hey, tell me
something. You've got all this money. How come you always dress like you're
doing your laundry? Fry, you can't just sit here in the dark listening to
classical music. Large bet on myself in round one. Oh, how awful. Did he at
least die painlessly? …To shreds, you say. Well, how is his wife holding up?
…To shreds, you say.

I found what I need. And it's not friends, it's things. No, I'm Santa Claus! I
was having the most wonderful dream. Except you were there, and you were there,
and you were there! Daylight and everything. No, of course not. It was… uh…
porno. Yeah, that's it.

Bacon ipsum dolor amet short ribs shankle ribeye bacon, sausage pastrami
biltong filet mignon beef. Meatloaf shankle spare ribs, alcatra frankfurter
leberkas drumstick biltong ham hock tenderloin sausage bacon shank. T-bone
hamburger doner pork belly tenderloin tail jowl tri-tip ham hock pork strip
steak fatback shankle. Turducken chuck capicola landjaeger cupim ground round
tongue fatback meatball pastrami. Ham ball tip meatball leberkas, shoulder
short loin spare ribs brisket pork tenderloin turducken jerky jowl sausage.
Beef filet mignon ground round, shoulder chicken brisket short loin andouille
tail alcatra.

Yeah, lots of people did. I don't know what you did, Fry, but once again, you
screwed up! Now all the planets are gonna start cracking wise about our mamas.
But I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop.

I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse! I asked you to get busy! Whoa
a real live robot; or is that some kind of CHEESY New Year's costume? Meh. Can
I use the gun?

But I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop. I usually try to keep my
sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness. But
I've never been to the moon! What kind of a father would I be if I said no? And
from now on you're all named Bender Jr. Yes, except the Dave Matthews Band
doesn't rock.

Now that the, uh, garbage ball is in space, Doctor, perhaps you can help me
with my sexual inhibitions? You won't have time for sleeping, soldier, not with
all the bed making you'll be doing. There, now he's trapped in a book I wrote:
a crummy world of plot holes and spelling errors! Hey, guess what you're
accessories to. Doomsday device? Ah, now the ball's in Farnsworth's court! Now
that the, uh, garbage ball is in space, Doctor, perhaps you can help me with my
sexual inhibitions?

You guys aren't Santa! You're not even robots. How dare you lie in front of
Jesus? Ugh, it's filthy! Why not create a National Endowment for git Clubs
while we're at it? I don't know what you did, Fry, but once again, you screwed
up! Now all the planets are gonna start cracking wise about our mamas.

Bacon ipsum dolor amet beef ribs hamburger tenderloin boudin pancetta, salami chicken leberkas shoulder pork loin. Pastrami jowl meatloaf biltong porchetta, salami ball tip short ribs spare ribs. Tenderloin short loin beef, ball tip spare ribs t-bone pig shoulder beef ribs. Shoulder beef landjaeger drumstick boudin. T-bone corned beef salami, chicken ball tip frankfurter kevin pancetta.

Ham hock landjaeger shankle beef frankfurter bacon pastrami tenderloin turducken. Tail swine shoulder, tri-tip kielbasa meatball salami sausage frankfurter short loin capicola turducken meatloaf pork chop shank. Pork belly turducken turkey, prosciutto kevin pork capicola shankle spare ribs leberkas short loin frankfurter bacon jowl. Andouille tenderloin venison rump capicola turkey. Leberkas tenderloin pork belly, pancetta swine tail tri-tip. Picanha tri-tip frankfurter, pig porchetta kielbasa spare ribs.

Pork loin ribeye sausage beef ribs landjaeger shankle ball tip t-bone. Tail turkey turducken doner filet mignon. Frankfurter ball tip shank boudin. Biltong porchetta turkey frankfurter pork belly pork chop brisket tenderloin prosciutto strip steak landjaeger tri-tip pastrami. Salami turducken beef ribs, shank meatball chicken tri-tip biltong strip steak tenderloin bacon kielbasa porchetta shankle.

Beef ribs pork chop prosciutto, ham meatball shank jowl andouille pig cow kevin. Shank tri-tip brisket, ball tip shankle bresaola kevin swine short ribs. Flank leberkas tongue, ham hock shoulder tail ham kevin biltong ball tip pastrami jowl sirloin drumstick. Beef tongue filet mignon ground round fatback porchetta cow alcatra picanha ham hock capicola.

Rump corned beef shank porchetta. Pancetta landjaeger shankle picanha doner ground round pastrami chuck. Ribeye bresaola short ribs swine boudin rump hamburger drumstick pork chop tri-tip landjaeger tongue picanha andouille short loin. Capicola beef ribs chuck picanha short ribs. Ham hock chuck swine pork loin. Kielbasa rump bacon shank salami.
Does your lorem ipsum text long for something a little meatier? Give our generator a try… it’s tasty!

BARRY!!

I'm going to start my own carnival, with booze and hookers!
